Remove custom Jira error and use Ballerina error (#56)
wso2-ballerina/module-jira: README.md

## Working with JIRA connector actions

All actions of the JIRA connector return either the response or an error.

> Depending on the context, response can either be a Ballerina record or a boolean value representing the response, or an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the context, response can be either a Ballerina record or a boolean value representing the response, or an error.
```

## Working with JIRA connector actions

All actions of JIRA Connector are **single-return type actions**, which will returns either response or an error.

> Response can be either a `ballerina record` or a boolean value or an error, depending on the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the context, response can either be a Ballerina record or a boolean value representing the response, or an error.
```

Author: Fixed https://github.com/wso2-ballerina/module-jira/pull/56/commits/53f515c82bfea32761ce3ddc18b489e2d80c67cc

> All actions of JIRA Connector are **single-return type actions**, which will returns either response or an error.

Author: I haven't add that line. It was already there in the README

> All actions of JIRA Connector are **single-return type actions**, which will returns either response or an error.

Reviewer: Shall we remove that part? I all actions return response or error we can change to 
```suggestion
All actions of the JIRA connector return either the response or an error.
```
maybe?

Response can be either a `ballerina record` or a boolean value,depending on the context.

> Error response is an ballerina error.

Author: yes
